fix: link to self (#21)
etclabscore/ECIPs: README.md

# Getting started contributing

> The [ECIP sample](./ECIP-1.sample.md) is the best place to start. The sample was updated for Ethereum use by Martin Becze, it was predominantly derived from the Bitcoin improvement proposal based on the Python improvement proposal system. Fork the repository and add your ECIP to it, using the provided [ECIP markdown template](./ECIP-number.template.md). Submit by creating a Pull Request to the Ethereum Classic [ECIPs repository](https://github.com/etclabscore/ECIPs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [ECIP sample](./ECIP-1.sample.md) is the best place to start. The sample was updated for Ethereum use by Martin Becze, it was predominantly derived from the Bitcoin improvement proposal based on the Python improvement proposal system. Fork the repository and add your ECIP to it, using the provided [ECIP markdown template](./ECIP-number.template.md). Submit by creating a Pull Request to the Ethereum Classic Labs' [ECIPs repository](https://github.com/etclabscore/ECIPs/pulls).
```

# Contributing

 1. Review [ECIP-1](./ecip-1.sample.md).
 2. Fork the repository by clicking "Fork" in the top right.
 3. Add your ECIP to your fork of the repository. There is a [template ECIP here](ECIP-number.template.md).

>  4. Submit a Pull Request to Ethereum Classic's [ECIPs repository](https://github.com/etclabscore/ECIPs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 4. Submit a Pull Request to Ethereum Classic Labs' [ECIPs repository](https://github.com/etclabscore/ECIPs/pulls).
```
